Meet Tommy. Tommy has a YouTube channel dedicated to helping Americans retire to France. Tommy's done an incredible job attracting nearly 30,000 subscribers and two million views on his channel. But he needed help dialing in his product offer. Tommy is a member of the lab, my invitationonly membership community for six and seven figure creators. He scheduled a coaching call with me to work out how he can take his growing audience and design his product offers to both serve them and bring in serious

revenue. This is that coaching call where I break out the whiteboard and discuss how his membership, cohort-based courses, and retreats to France all work together. Enjoy. Tommy, excited to chat about your signature product, the idea you have for a signature product. Uh, I read your post in the lab and I have that next to me. Can you give me kind of the the current state and what you're trying to work towards? >> I've been working through various iterations of of a potential product. um

tried some things and you are responsible for me kind of rethinking this. I I went back and watched the interview you did with Chris Hutchkins on the Iceland uh retreat that he did for his his audience and I was just blown away by partly by the the fact that it worked so well. >> Yeah. but also like the amount of, you know, amount he charged, which sounded like an actual really good value for the participants. So, so that combined with um I don't know if you're familiar with Rick Steves, who's like a very famous um

he has a ton of travel books. He's like a very famous Rick Steves Europe is like his brand, >> but I read an article about him in the past year or two that his travel group um they take people on trips all over Europe. They do something like 30,000 travelers a year to Europe on these tours and their their revenues are like 120 million a year. >> Wow. And and again, these are just just sightseeing tours, so not like specialized or um you know, a focused group of people necessarily other than

just the lo the location. So anyway, this all got me thinking that part of my design restraints which you talk about in build a beloved membership. One of those design restraints for me which I I know I told you before was I want to personally travel to Europe at France in particular at least you know once or twice a year um via the business you know as a to do content and and other things. But that restraint, I thought I thought, well, instead of just me traveling, this would open the the opportunity for to have these like

retirement retreats in in France. And again with the Chris Hutchkins info, I was like, you know, that could actually be a a a great flywheel, not only revenue producer, but also a natural content, you know, building machine, testimonials for, you know, for the next year's uh, you know, trips or repeat travelers. So anyway, it just got me rethinking this whole thing about because I was coming at it from the kind of the the bottom up, you know, what's what's like the minimum viable product I

can do for the most people, generate some revenue that way versus what's something that is so kind of over-the-top um valuable from an experiential standpoint that I can charge a premium price for it and then it makes it much easier then to work down from the top, if that makes sense. >> Yeah. Okay. So, to recap, you you have products that you've sold before, but they were more uh price accessible, lower price to try to sell more of them, and you're saying, "Well, based on what

I want to do, I think I actually want to go deeper with potentially fewer people, but at a higher price point." >> Exactly. And I've done paid like paid workshops, you know, $100 for 90minute session. And I've done what I call boot camps, which is like a four to six week thing where we build a a kind of a simple retirement plan around this idea of retiring in France for, you know, 1,200 bucks. And those things actually could still I mean, like the boot camp, if you buy the trip, they could be like,

oh, well, this this is either an upsell to the trip or or, you know, to a retreat or this is included in, you know, in the pricing. But yes, the the idea of right now kind of start with that higherend experiential thing and then eventually, you know, trick have it trickle down to these other opportunities versus the opposite if that makes sense. >> Yeah. And remind me, do you have uh a membership or a community in market right now at all? >> I do. I have I mean I have a circle membership and it has been a repository

for these boot camps I've done. So you know the boot camps are typically 15 to 20 people. We'll do like group calls talking about either the financial planning software that's kind of the core feature of the of the boot camp. And we'll also have interviews and um experts come in and do a presentation for the group which we'll record. And so the the membership has purely been just a repository for those things. Very little actual engagement or interaction. And again, I I feel like I can take a

lot more advantage of that somehow. But um again as a as opposed to trying to figure out how can I get 500 people or 200 people in this membership, it's like well how can I start with something a little more exclusive um higher revenue generating so that I'm not that focus goes away or that then the membership can become um a later add-on to people that want access to what the people on the trip maybe got or or the expertise the the more details that they got on these retirement retreats.

>> Okay. Well, we're going to come back to um how the membership exists today with those folks who are from the boot camp who are in that because that's probably something we're going to have to iron out. But based on what I'm hearing, there's a there's a couple of directions, starting points you could go on the membership front. Um, you could basically say this is a membership for people who want to accomplish this thing and members have access to these retreats we do. Or you could say

this membership is about once or twice annual retreats that we do and you get access to these things as well. You you see the difference. It's like which one of these things do we want to lead with? the ongoing always available nature of what a membership provides or do we want to lean more into the offline experiences and then make the the rest of the stuff kind of a bonus? Which way does your head go? Right now it's it's leaning more towards let's go for the retreat like the in real life experience

and have the community as a supplement or complement to that. >> If we do that and these are all valid these are all valid directions. I'm just reacting. So if we did that then the question on the mind of the buyer is well what is the point of a subscription? And what is the point of a membership if this is like a very distinct timebound experience? >> I I see what you mean. >> You know what I mean? So if I if I map this out, you either can say like we run these retreats. I forget what Chris's price point was.

Uh I think his were like $6,000. Let's just call this $6,000 then for now. We run these retreats and we have a membership. These things are extremely interlin. And my thought is if you want to lean on the retreat side first, then this is what you market. And then based on the relationships that happen in the retreats, you say, "By the way, if you want to keep in touch, I recommend our membership because not only will you keep in touch with these folks, but we do these things on this cadence, you know, like we we do a

monthly check-in and we we have uh support for you as you're trying to plan your own trips, whatever the value proposition is. And then of course if these are actually distinct products then uh the membership is something you could sell all the time and you could market the retreat to people in the membership. So if a retreat is a core part of the membership, you could either say this is only available to people in the membership and therefore what I'm truly selling is the membership. Or you

could say, "These are distinct products that feed into one another, and I'll run this retreat, and people on my email list, and people who follow me on YouTube can be invited to it. People in the membership, maybe they get a preferred rate. Maybe they save $1,000 on it or something, >> you know? >> Uh, that gives you something to sell all the time and something that becomes a really elegant way to get really high quality community members into the membership. Yeah, that makes a lot of

sense. >> Hey, real quick. If you are less than confident in your product offers, I can help. I'm about to open up enrollment in my first ever signature product boot camp. This is a 4-week live course for developing your signature product, something that you can sell with confidence for years to come. Enrollment is only open until December 2nd, and we only have space for 50 creators. So, check out the link in the description for more information. Let me let me pose one one other thing to you because Jay

Akunzo who I know uh you had on talking about you know have your premise. So I I've been thinking about this a lot and and tell me well let me just explain it to you and and I'll I'll ask you a couple things we could potentially go. So, from the YouTube like creator standpoint, um I'm kind of leaning trying to lean into the fact that I'm a CFP certifi certified financial planner and I do talk about like taxes and tax treaties and the financial planning aspects of of these things where most

travel creators do not do that. They'll say, "Hey, you need to go talk to a professional um at $300 an hour." I mean, I have some individual videos, but I've also created like some calculators like, hey, here's a inheritance tax calculator for like if you're a resident of France, here's a here's how the tax treaty works for um Americans if you're getting social security or an IRA income or like there's these technical kind of mechanical uh aspects of it. Do you

think the idea of th those kind of technical things that that premise is valuable enough to offer in a in a me membership? I know you've said before like information itself is not is no longer that valuable, but >> I think I think that information is very valuable. I think um I think building a a respect from your audience that that is something that you help help them with that goes beyond what most people help with that is valuable and that is a marketable sellable thing. Uh a membership as a form factor has this

open question of why should I renew? So that alone doesn't give me a reason to renew in my mind. is probably gonna solve a a big problem for me at one point in time. Maybe a couple times, but I don't know that it's going to be like reliably every year I need to solve that problem. However, >> it could be a really good uh entry point into the membership and then you earn their renewal in other ways. So, I think leaning into that as a differentiator is a good idea for the brand and I think it

can absolutely be one of the reasons why people join the membership. The question is why would they stay? And honestly, like the retreats is a bigger reason why they would stay. The connections that they have with the people in the community is why they would stay. Being in a group of people who have the same like life and retirement aspirations, that's a good reason to stay. So, I think your business as a whole is set up well for a membership. I think it becomes a little clunky to say like the value of the membership

membership is strictly the retreats because then you're going to create seasonality in your business. It's going to be harder to sell that when there's not like an imminent retreat coming up. I think that in-person experiences and this is what we did with the lab offline this year. I think in-person experiences are incredible retention mechanisms. And if the experience is made external to the rest of your audience, people who aren't in the membership, it can also be a great new member uh approach.

So the way that like your retreats differ from the offline stuff I'm doing in the community, the retreat itself is like the draw. doing this with people who know or somebody a guide who knows what to do here does the planning. It's got like just the the destination vacation sort of benefit and when when we did the lab offline that was all about like going deeper with people you've already met. So if I if I would have made that externally available, it wouldn't have quite been the same and I

would have had to have priced it in a way where it was intended to generate like a profit, not just revenue, but a profit. I think you have a different opportunity with a ret like a destination style retreat event to think of these as distinct product offerings that feed one another. One other opportunity I think and and you kind of alluded to it is with these retreats because they would be location specific. So I've I've pulled my audience and the kind of the top locations in France. You know the Lir

Valley is just a top retirement destination. The French Riv Riviera and Nice is huge and then southwest France there are these kind of naturally builtin um kind of interest groups within. And so like the potential would be, hey, would you like to go to the LV Lar Valley retreat where we're going to, you know, see what it's like to live there specifically and you're going to meet other people who are planning to live there specifically and then of course in within the community that maybe comes along with it. Hey, here's

our chat group about the Lir Valley. Um, so there's there's opportunities to I don't know, not not niche down necessarily, but have specific groups within that to kind of strengthen those bonds as opposed to a generic Facebook group for expats who want to retire to France, which is like, you know, a lot of people in there, but very little kind of value uh specific value for um, you know, a specific type of person. Do you see that as a um a benefit to the community to like have these kind of

interest groups? >> Yeah, for sure. And it's it's also again if you set it up as like a two product system, the benefit of having looks like five different locations. You said you said uh Paris, Nice, Southwest to France, Lar Valley has four. >> Yeah. And then there's there potentially others um but but yeah, those are kind of like the big ones. So if you had four different locations, say you wanted to follow again your your constraint of two trips per year, then you could visit two

of these per year to the next year and then go back to the originals on that that third year. And so that is great because on one hand you're not like building like just just easily repeatable we do this exact itinerary. But on the other hand if I go to Paris and loved it and then the next trip is to the French Riviera I might be like that was awesome. I'm I'm going to go to the French Riviera also. And so people who have already purchased one retreat I think are more likely to purchase a

second. Um which is good for retention. And then by the time you cycle all the way back to that first location again, a lot of time has passed. You're going to be able to pull in new people into the community as well. So I think that's actually uh great. Although it will be a little bit of extra effort because each one of those locations you're going to have to come up with an itinerary for and it's going to feel a little bit like net new work the first time you do each of those.

>> I mean honestly I enjoy doing that kind of research and and planning. So hopefully it wouldn't hopefully it wouldn't get too old too quickly. >> Yeah, I I think this this setup makes a lot of sense. Um in general, even just extracting beyond retreats, I could see this working with your uh boot camp as well that you said you've run before uh as a $1,200 product that you said is six week cohort. Like I think I think live timebound experiences just work really well with a membership because

the value proposition for these timebound experiences is just very easy to articulate. You know retreat super easy to articulate what the value of that's going to be. The boot camp super easy to articulate what the value of that is going to be. And then in that experience you uh earn a lot of trust as an instructor or as a leader, a facilitator and they have a peer-to-peer experience and you can say if you enjoyed this you should join our membership where we continue to have experiences like this and you get a

discount on our retreats that we do twice per year. M. So, a lot of the challenges people have with a membership as a product, especially an evergreen product, it's difficult to market the value of peer-to-peer experiences because it's hard for me to say you should join the lab because you're going to have a conversation with Tommy that changes your life in business. That could be true for some people. It's not going to be true for everybody that comes in. So, I can't be that specific

to say you're going to have a great interaction with Tommy. I need people to have a peer-to-p peer experience and love it, to trust me, to continue to curate experiences like that. So, to basically use these different form factors as a uh lead into the membership is a great way to continue to sell an evergreen product that is difficult to market the peer-to-peer value of. >> That makes a lot of sense. What do you how do you feel about the idea of the retreats as a not only a money maker but

as a kind of a content flywheel? I think I mean I love the idea of it as long as again it doesn't turn I don't know take the magic away from from the travel but it seems like natural fit to film the retreat film stuff we're doing there. I mean, I can just imagine group shots, you know, in front of the the cathedral and um over over dinner while we're talking about the tax treaty and using that as just marketing gold. Yeah. I I think the trick to that is setting it up in such a way that it does not remove

your presence from the trip and the people that are there. So I think the magic is in the pre-planning to say what assets do we want to make out of this uh resourcing it with a videographer at least at least a videographer and I think it needs to be basically that person's responsibility to be documentarian to know what you're trying to create and to pull you or folks on the trip aside as few times as possible so it doesn't pull people like out of the experience. you know, but gives you the assets you

need to make videos. So, I I think it's a great thing to do. You just need to plan in such a way that it's not going to detract from people's experience. And I think that means a dedicated third party videographer, having at least a loose idea of what videos do we want to make from this experience. And not like every video you're going to make from this experience, but if you know like I want a video that shows what this experience is like from a marketing campaign capacity, >> that's going to be a different asset

than I want to make a video that I can post on the channel, you know, because that's probably going to be like more of a storytelling vlog style, look what this experience was like versus >> like social proof, testimonials, people really selling it. Um and so you want to you want to get ahead of that in the planning so your videographer or producer whatever can basically be they are thinking from a content creators perspective while the retreat is happening and you are acting as host facilitator leader and not

uh producer. >> Right. Right. I think you did a great job of that with the the videos and the testimonials I've seen from the lab in real life. >> We had we had a third party guy and his his goal was just to make that like 2-minute video after the event so he knew what he was doing but you know I probably should have made more content there. Uh the the opportunity is there and the nice thing is he had a mountain of B-roll that now I have that also. So now we're making any video on the

channel. We just have like a growing repository of B-roll of uh members of the lab in the wild that we can use. I think it's great, especially the first one. If retreats are going to become like a a product you sell, I think you should think from the standpoint of how do I make sure we turn this into a compelling video for the next time we market this this retreat. Let me ask you um a quick question about potentially planning this first retreat because I've tenatively promised the audience that

next year we're going to do at least one of these. I already have kind of a a wait list of people that that you know want to hear um details when they when they come out. Do you have any ideas? I mean, I don't know if how how much planning in advance, how far in advance you plan the lab in real life, but what kind of um ideas do you have about actually putting some of this into action? I first talked about the offline event in October of 2024. We ran it the first week of June. Ticket sales opened,

I want to say April. We didn't seriously start planning it probably until like February, but I've planned a bunch of ticketed events to this point. And the secret is having enough details so that you can open ticket sales as early as possible. >> Mhm. Because ticket sales is always the most stressful, difficult thing. So, you want to open ticket sales. But the reason that we couldn't open ticket sales for the offline event sooner was because I was trying to break even, which means I needed to have a really

good handle of the economics or as good of handle as I could have hoped for to make the pricing correct. If this is intended to be more of a a profit generator, then you can sort of overestimate, you know, and you can open things up earlier. Having an early bird rate is a good idea or maybe even like tiers of early bird. So you can be like if you buy before this date it's x amount off. If you buy before this date it's y amount off to start getting people coming because you also want momentum and you want people to see like

okay people are coming. I now have more FOMO to join. >> Uh the planning itself it it's kind of what you want to make of it you know like you got to figure out accommodations. That was the biggest hardest part. That also had the biggest impact on the price. Food, that was the second biggest budgetary concern. But it was even hard to like do all the food decisions till you had a headcount. So, um, you you don't want to feel rushed because to some degree, like as you get closer, you're going to feel a little bit of

panic and rush anyway, but the earlier you get things started, um, ticket sales and RSVPs, it just puts you at ease to feel better like, okay, I know there's probably going to be some number of people that you're like, it needs to be at least this many people for this to make sense. And until you hit that number, you're going to be a little bit stressed. So, the earlier you open ticket sales, the better. Especially if we're traveling internationally for most of these folks. I think you want to have a minimum of 3

months notice, but really I think some people might appreciate like 6 months notice. >> Yeah, that that that's what I'm thinking cuz I have I mean, just having mentioned this in the newsletter, I've had a bunch of people re, you know, respond and say, "Oh, we definitely want to do this. um we need to know like what the dates are so we can like plan our vacation days for work or whatever and it's like oh wow like that's exciting but also again a little nerve-wracking but yeah I agree

the as far as in advance as possible but I do also like your idea of the tiers just to give a little um you know a little bit of uh scarcity on the pricing. Yeah, it's it's uh could be scarcity if there's like a limit on how many people can buy at that tier. It could be urgency like you got to order by this time. >> If you only have like one early bird point, then you only have one point of urgency. So having like multiple points of urgency will help. Uh you can do a a deposit and then the remainder at some

point if you want. You know, you just got to figure out like what are the absolute first things I need to know and lock in. And it's probably going to be that you have accommodations and what the what the dates are um and what the price point is going to be because then you can be like these are the dates you can book your travel now. Uh you can put your deposit down which is going to lock in your room if you're covering rooms. Um and the sooner you do that the better. >> Excellent. Also gives you quite a bit of

time then to like figure out how you message this and how you position it. And if you want to do one-on-one outreach you can do that. If you want to make YouTube videos around it you have time to do that. So, I would I would aim for like a sixmon lead time for the first one, which sounds like a lot. And if you land at five or even four, that's fine, but I I would think about 6 months. >> Excellent. >> I'll talk about the membership a little bit more. I see a note that you have a

basic membership and a pro membership that says community. So, talk to me about the existing membership that is in market right now. Is it alone a paid product or is it just folks who have gone through the boot camp? It currently is just folks who've gone through boot camp and um your course, you know, haven't gone through it. I've resisted, you know, trying to take any shortcuts with with long-term value as far as opening it up to, you know, super low price tiers for just simple access to a forum, things like

that. Um, so yeah, it it has just been part of a paid boot camp. The boot camp again being six months, but then the membership I basically said, "Hey, you're you can stay in here for a year." Again, the conversations are not frequent, but um during the boot camp, it seemed like it was a well wellused resource. Like people were introducing themselves. Um feedback I got was like, "Oh, it's really cool to meet other people that are like in the same situation, going through the same, you

know, excitement as us." Um, but again, it's it's it's only been a part of those boot camps. >> Okay. And you did explicitly say you will retain access to this space for a year. There was an >> to the boot camp members. Yes. >> Okay. Great. That was my concern because this is what this is the pattern I see a lot of people take which is like I had this community experience. we communicated in this community tool and now they're in the community and they're

in it indefinitely and they they aren't paying for it in any way and it becomes kind of a mess. So, it's good that you have like a natural end point. The the thing that you're experiencing and a lot of people experienc in this setup is these people joined for the boot camp which was a timebound six week experience. They didn't join for the membership. So at no point were they like I'm excited to participate in this forum because that's not that's not what they signed up and paid for. So the the

lack of engagement participation is to be expected. But that also sets up like kind of a vicious cycle because if I didn't come in expecting to participate and I don't participate, I'm not going to renew because why would I? Uh nobody's participating. So if we want to do this membership, I think we need to be thoughtful about what participation ongoing looks like. And then in the way you message it and talk about it, you need to make the community experience itself a big part of the

expected value so that people come in with the preset expectation that participating is necessary to extract the value they've been promised. >> Yes, that makes sense. And I there are multiple ways I've thought about doing this, but again, it's hard kind of being inside the fishbowl to to know what the the external kind of value proposition is of some of these things. Like again, there's this there's a a financial plan planning software that is included with the boot camp. So although

you can just get a financial plan made in real life, it's actually kind of an ongoing thing because like you you get you have children, you then have college planning stuff, you move from a big house to a small house, you have different things. And I've wondered if there's some way I can um market the financial planning aspect of it more as an ongoing thing so that it could be more recurring as a as a community. >> Yes. But that sort of suggests that it just seems like you're uh cutting a

slice of the promise of the brand as a whole. So my understanding the brand as a whole now called American to France, right? >> Yep. >> And reading the website, it looks like the the brand promise is helping Americans plan their retirement in France. If the membership is going to be the signature product, I would make the memberships promise as related and close to that as possible. So, I'm going to make this acronym American to France is your brand. And within that brand, again, helping

Americans plan their retirement in France, you have uh membership. And you want if if the whole brand is like this big circle and the circle is Americans plan retirement to France, you want the signature product to have as much overlap with this as possible. And if you did like the the financial planning, that's an aspect of this, but it's just like a small aspect of this. So, >> I would try to take this whole thing and be like, "This membership gives you personalized support on your retirement

planning journey to France specifically. This is going to give you priority pricing on our retreats that take you to the locations. We will help you do your financial planning. Uh, and every year maybe they get access to a session where you help them revise and revisit that financial plan if you want to, but I would really make like the whole membership, the promise be really close to we help you plan your retirement to France. And this is like where you're going to get the highest level of

support to all aspects of that planning, including the financial planning. But I I think that's the promise of the membership is like this is a journey. It takes time. We're going to help you do that. and we're going to give you a community of people who are on the same journey. I know um you talk about like theming uh different months maybe for content sometimes and that's another aspect of this from a marketing standpoint or maybe as a membership standpoint for to keep people in there where it's like hey

this month we're focusing on you know healthcare in France as an American like we're going to interview a a English- speaking doctor in France and talk about that experience. We're going to talk about like if you're if you're new like after 90 days in France, you can apply for healthcare. Here's the process to do that. Um, another thing in May could be, hey, French taxes are are are going to be due, here's the form, like here's how to go through that process. Do you think

aspects like that would because those to me are would be inside of that circle? >> For sure. And and those could also again from a marketing standpoint be like, "Oh yeah, this this month we're talking about this thing." And if for the people that are like, "Oh, that's something I want to hear about." That can be kind of like a natural carrot um if you will. >> For sure. >> Does that make sense? >> With especially an evergreen membership, the challenge is like why should I join

now versus some date in the future. So having anything that is time bound, real time, that is beneficial because basically your three levers for getting people to join an evergreen membership are scarcity, urgency, and uh like status. >> And so doing those live sessions at times in the year when they make sense, that's a great way to create genuine urgency to say, "Hey, next month we are focusing on healthcare. Um, if you haven't figured this out, this would be a great time to join the American to

France membership. Here's a link to do that. But you should also approach those events from the standpoint of after we do this, how do I turn this into an asset so that people can join at any time and have access to this asset. Premium content like that. Eventually, like a year down the road, you'll have done 6 12 of those events. Now, those are basically in like self-paced consumable form. And that's valuable, but that's not where uh renewal comes from. That's probably going to make it

easier for you to get people in, but it's not going to make them stay. The thing that's going to make them stay is the community aspects, whether it be retreats, the forum, other live sessions. And because this is such a niche specific thing, my guess is most of the people who watch your channel who are be or would be involved in this, they're like the only person in their life that is planning this. >> And so they want other people that understand the desire. So, I I think it's a perfect community play and I

would really lean into that because these people are probably weirdos to their families and friends. Like, you're gonna leave the country and retire to France or very possibly they don't have a lot of family or friends left and there's nothing keeping them here. So, they're like, why not go? And so, this becomes like their very real social support system. And I I think you should lean into that. I think it's going to be a huge value proposition. >> It It's funny you mentioned that. I did

a live session recently that was it was on taxes um income taxes for expats, but just as a complete experiment um which you would appreciate. At the beginning I said, "Hey, I want you to write down um you know where in France you're thinking about retiring and why is that important in your life?" like what what would that mean to you? And and then what I did is I had I just broke everybody out into like three or four person groups, you know, u separate rooms and I was like, uh, this could be this

could go good or it could go really bad. And I got so much good feedback from this from people who were like, "Oh my gosh, there was another person in my room who's actually wants to go to the same like area." And we just like immediately given each other our emails like to stay in touch. And I thought, "Wow, that's like that is powerful." It's hard to market that like you said. It's hard to, you know, that's not a features kind of thing necessarily that you can market, but the the feedback was

immediate. >> I think it's increasingly marketable if it's differentiated and if these people genuinely lack like connection to people with the shared interest. It it's difficult to market the value of community because there's like a lot of competition. Uh and so like it's no longer community itself is no longer a differentiator. But if these people feel like they don't have an outlet to other people who are doing this, then it becomes much more explicitly marketable. I I I love that

aspect. I mean, that perspective. >> Yeah. >> Cuz cuz I I I mean, it's the same with me as an aspiring expat. It's like, you know, my brother-in-law is like, "What are you what what are you talking about? Like, why would you even consider that?" And these people who join who are like, "Yeah, I want to I want to move to the Nice area once they're in France, they're probably going to want to move around and they're going to be excited to see, okay, there are people in this

community who live in the uh would you call it the Lair Valley?" >> Yeah. Lir Valley. Yep. >> L Valley. Like they're That's awesome because now I want to visit that area and I want to meet somebody who knows that area and they're going to think there are people in this community that I can talk to who can show me around who I've maybe even interacted with already from that area. So, I think it's a I think it's well suited for a membership. Yeah, I I think of these as distinct

products, but with benefits with it. Like, I think you should give members the best price possible on these retreats, but I think you could also make these retreats as standalone product. Ironically, talking about the having connections, you know, in different places, I'm I'm actually going to France in in uh two weeks to do a scout scouting trip of of the Lir Valley. And there was a a a couple of American retirees who I just got introduced randomly last year who came in as speakers for a boot camp. They

were terrific, just outstanding. And so I just reached out to them a couple weeks ago and I was like, "Hey, I'm going to be kind of generally in your area. Um, you know, is there any chance we could get together for lunch or dinner?" And they immediately sent back because they really enjoyed coming into the boot camp and answering questions and and they're just natural teachers. They sent me back like five paragraphs. They're like, "All right, Tommy, we're going to pick you up at

this train station." >> Yes. >> We're going to take we're going to take you to this market. It's like the largest market in the region for this one day. And then we're going to go back to our house. We're going to do have lunch at our house that you know, show you our renovated place in France. then we're going to take you to this other town nearby which got this beautiful cathedral and all this stuff and you can take the train there back to where you you know you're staying. I was just like

unbelievable like this is >> you know and and just the feeling that gives me I think someone else would appreciate that at least as much >> 100%. You got to think these people, they're either moving there because they have connections there, more stronger connections they have in America, or they don't have connections here or there, but they just want to experience it. And if that is the case, they're still for quite some time going to feel like they need or want stronger

community in this new location. So, when they have the chance to host and show people around, I think people are gonna love the opportunity to do that. As you've just seen, if you enjoyed this session with Tommy, here's another video a lot like it. But what I really think you should do is join us in the lab. You'll be surrounded by hundreds of other six and seven figureure creators, mostly in educational niches. And you can get feedback from me just like this. You can learn more at creatorscience.com/lab

and there's a link in the description.

